[Music]
seven little things that give us away
completely sometimes we don't realize
that even little things can give away
our true essence a lot of the things we
do instinctively as well as our
preferences says a lot about our
personality interestingly enough far
from everybody notices them so
Brightside brings you the habits that
can reveal a lot about our character
prepare to find out more not only about
your family and friends but also about
yourself don't take it way too seriously
just have fun and watch the video number
seven shopping shopping is a big part of
every person's life whether you like it
or hate it and surprisingly the way you
shop can tell a lot about your
personality most buyers can be divided
into two types the first ones actively
study labels and require as much detail
as possible before buying something we
all know a person like that right well
this type of people is really
inquisitive they are interested in
getting to the bottom of everything
others however are the other way around
they prefer not to waste their time and
are limited to surface information they
can be called frivolous these types also
act similarly in other life situations
for example you can be sure that the
thorough ones will know your entire life
story before you even become close
people of the second type will most
likely miss even important nuances
[Music]
number six the desire to wear a watch
another thing that can say a lot about
you without you even realizing it is
whether or not you wear a watch the
easiest conclusion you can make is
actually a true one people who wear
wristwatches for at least a year are
usually more punctual and conscientious
and those who prefer to give up this
accessory most of the time this
statement proves to the right isn't it
that's not all people who wear a watch
might be introverted but emotionally
stable whereas those who don't wear one
are less emotionally stable those of us
who can't leave their house without a
watch can be considered for reserved
others who don't really like this small
accessory are often way more open
[Music]
five eating habits it's safe to say that
we all love food some people are into
spicy dishes others like something a
little more sweeter or salty the choices
are endless and they can also tell a lot
about a person's nature let's focus on
your favorite type of wine and fruit
consumption it is believed that
impulsive less open and less
conscientious people prefer sweet wine
and very rarely eat fruit that doesn't
sound like you
well don't worry there's more those who
prefer a dry wine and gladly include
fruit in their diet are more likely to
be open calmer and more conscientious do
these descriptions match your
personality tell us in the comments
below
[Music]
number four words the words we use in
everyday life are also one of the main
factors that big-time characterize our
personality and it doesn't matter
whether we say them out loud or write or
type them so let's get right into it
anxious and emotionally unstable people
usually use words related to negative
emotions it seems like quite the solid
point after you read for example some
widely and unnecessary negative comments
online extroverts on the other hand
prefer words that describe positive
emotions they rarely go on long rants
talking about something they hate and
prefer to spend their energy on
something that makes them happy
[Music]
conscientious people use words related
to achievements more often and open
people usually choose sophisticated
words and phrases where one could be
more concise well the same choose your
words wisely appear in a whole other
light now right number three musical
preferences music can set your mood for
every occasion when you're happy you're
listening to one playlist when you're
sad you want to spend some time
listening to something completely
different the kind of music you like to
listen to can tell others about the
peculiarities of your psyche because the
music you listen to has a long-term
effect on the brain it's commonly
believed that people who prefer sad or
aggressive music to express their
emotions are usually restless and
nervous strangely enough it can be quite
true as the majority of people prefer to
listen to something way more bubbly and
pop when they are feeling happy and
carefree people who prefer fun or quiet
music are happy because the very process
of listening to such music raises the
mood and has a long-term effect on your
well-being of course everybody is
different
it doesn't mean that it's impossible to
feel happy at the rock concert for
example just don't listen to depressing
music for too long let yourself be sad
for sometime and then listen to some
tunes that make you feel alive no matter
of what genre they are and keep going
[Music]
number two household chores every person
has a different attitude towards chores
a lot of people can't stand them and
want to get it over with as soon as
possible
others see ironing or cleaning the
bedroom as a form of meditation whether
you are in a first or second group your
choice reveals some of your personality
traits people who are happy to iron
things wash dishes and play with
children are easier to communicate with
than those who don't like chores
well our parents will definitely agree
with this statement right the
explanation for this is easy for the
first type the happiness of others is
important therefore they prefer to work
around the house rather than moan about
domestic trifles they also tend to be
more introverted at the same time more
extroverted ones usually don't like
doing housework and prefer resting or
meeting with friends they don't mind a
little mess and try to get themselves
out of doing chores with any opportunity
they get number one art
attitude towards art in all its
manifestations can also reveal a lot
about the nature of a person usually
people are quite involved in at least
one kind of art no matter whether they
are the artists themselves where they
just find it fascinating and mostly
observe but you can also meet people who
have no interest in art whatsoever so
what does this say about a person well
usually people who like poetry go to the
Opera or engage in arts themselves are
more sociable and open to everything new
unlike those who ignore art the artsy
people tend to be more accepting and
open-minded about life in general people
with other hobbies and interests are
often more straightforward and confident
[Music]
and finally here is a bonus
it has been established that people can
determine how rich one is by simply
looking at one's face when it expresses
no emotion of course this is all
happening on the subconscious level what
our mind quickly analyzes everything we
see from person's appearance to his or
her clothes and shoes this ability is
often used when we decide to hire
somebody but we don't really know
another person that well our mind
instantly turns to instinct and
intuition
it is believed in people with a rich
type of base or rejected less often
accordingly finer signals can prevent
you from climbing the career ladder or
increasing your income however at the
same time scientists are not yet able to
accurately answer what exactly this rich
factor is in an appearance nonetheless
it doesn't mean that the impression you
make on somebody doesn't mean anything
of course most of the time people's
first impression of one another changes
they communicate more with this initial
reaction when you look at someone and
either think they seem nice or not so
much is made out of those signals that
your parents unknowingly gives away
[Music]
which one of these points did you find
the most surprising leave your opinions
in the comment section below
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and share it with your
friends
you
[Music]